echo Fox hundred thieves right those
those those were four teams near the top
of the ladder so we were looking to
steal a win and we did so you know today
is a great day I'm joined right now by
hunter Lee from the golden Guardians
with well it's the second day of week
four and you guys have actually won best
day of week four with coverage presented
by Omni slash before we get into the
interview it's like to preface this by
saying hunter and I are very close
friends just full disclosure here plays
into it I don't want anybody going in
talking about how Michelle because yeah
we're friends all that being said so you
guys won your first game congratulations
what has it been like behind the scenes
cuz literally seven losses in a row to
start off the LCS and then you get this
one it's exactly how we drew it up at
the start of the season no I you know I
think we went into the split expecting
that it would be a tough split like I
think while I thought we were better
than maybe people had us on paper or
sort of Power Rankings wise you know we
weren't the no illusions about you know
the roster that we had put together and
and our sort of sort of slow growth
long-term planning was gonna take some
time
so yeah I think I think we expected to
see improvement we saw improvement from
week one to week two you know we through
both those games but they were much much
better week three on paper was always
going to be a tough week and and we you
know we were really looking like coming
into week 3 and week 4 saying let's
steal a win somewhere right TSM TL echo
Fox hundred thieves right those those
were four teams in the year the top of
the ladder so we were looking to steal a
win and we did so you know today's a
great day yeah very good well we never
had we did an interview sort of
announcing your involvement but we never
really had a chance to talk too much
about the roster and I think with all
the losses and the beginning there were
a lot of people that were very much
questioning the idea behind the roster I
felt like you guys had just picked up a
lot of players who were never
necessarily the best in their role and
so now might be a good time just kind of
address what the philosophy was behind
all this
yeah so you know we didn't go into the
offseason with a you know with like one
strict plan for how we were gonna
execute like we wanted we had a kind of
a bunch of different models and we were
sort of letting the market play out a
little before kind of finalizing one and
honestly the the feeding frenzy of this
offseason with like 43 of the 50
positions you know moving over and and
the money that some of the teams were
throwing around I think it caught
everybody off guard including the people
throwing the money around like how much
they would have to and and so we settled
on you know something that I think feels
very close to the heart of the Warriors
themselves and and you know consistent
with our with our broader like holistic
approach which is development oriented
we have the youngest roster in the
league by I think over a full year and
that's with high like pulling up our
average significantly right like
contracts is 18 you know low lows 19
Madden and definitely are 20 like well
there's a lot of improvement left even
on the guys who have been been in the
league for a while and we thought you
know we would be able to put those sort
of high ceiling high character players
in position to succeed and get the best
out of them and that's that that
wouldn't happen overnight but that that
you know we think with the right
environment and good coaching and other
things you know we would end up maybe
not this split maybe next split maybe
next year you know with a really strong
team how confident are you in your
ability to retain the talent because in
order for this to work like this works
well in the NBA because you sign these
long deals and people are really
beholden to contracts and the LCS it
feels like anytime a player wants to
leave that ends up happening and also
contracts tend to be I think a little
shorter oftentimes just one year so you
know if somebody has to break out year
suddenly they might be worth a lot more
yeah so a lot of some of this data is
public and people can go look you know
at the the go global contract database
and see I think before where you would
see a lot of one-year deals and and
sometimes even shorter
you know most players at this point are
signed to multi-year deals and you know
our retention plan it's not rocket
science right like of course people want
to play on winners and we have an
intention to be a winner also
we want to make sure we're a culture
where stars can shine and people can
really be themselves and be happy and we
think that will help us retain our top
talent but also recruit talent when the
time comes you know for inevitable
roster changes of which there will
always be some at some point but it's
definitely true that like structurally
or institutionally there isn't bird
rights or no trade clauses or other
things that would sort of lock a player
to your team if you want somebody to
stay you have to like earn earn that
loyalty you know as an organization as a
team you have to kind of earn that
loyalty and and we have every intention
of investing in our players and asking
them to invest back in us and sort of go
on this ride with us all right so some
tougher questions starting with the
coaching stuff how much can you say
about look at okis departure because I
think a lot of people were somewhat
blindsided by it in the short term there
was a lot of reaction that came out
about why they're dropping him already
and then there were other reports that
came out so what what can you say
basically nothing yeah basically nothing
I you know I think I think things can
happen quickly sometimes and and you
know I think one thing I am really happy
Tyler had shown a lot of promise
internally before then is locos kind of
main assistant coach and we had already
been talking about you know how do we
keep him when other teams start looking
for their next head coach because I
think he's going to shine in our system
and people will people will look to
scoop him away and it just happens that
you know the next team looking for a
head coach was us and and here he is so
you know I I think I think we have a lot
of great systems in place loko helped
put a lot of great systems in place for
the players for development
communication style other things
Tyler's continuing a lot of that and I
think we're really optimistic about his
future here with us also with on the
topic of Tyler how is there a decision
to make him to have him continue to be
the main coach or is there any chance
that you guys will pick up anybody else
as a head coach for the rest of the
split yeah it's a great question he's
also asking the question it's totally
totally fair you
no I think the truth is we want to see
how things go it's hard after a day like
today to think that anything would
change but you know but and and we would
you know we went into kind of naming him
thinking okay we're gonna give him a
real shot in this position and and see
what's there we believe in him and you
know we're gonna be a development
oriented organization in general and and
focusing on high-ceiling people at all
kinds of positions whether that's on the
field or off in elsewhere and staffing
and we think he can be that kind of
coach and so we'll let it play out at
this point I don't anticipate making any
changes this split at all and and next
play right now just feels along a long
way away now as we film this along the
topic of coaches cop is a free agent
there's a reddit thread about saint
mentioning that he'd reached out to try
to help and had been scorned I think but
and and I think you II saw former caster
owner and coach Monte Cristo mentioned
that specifically you know st. and cop
should come in and help out the teams
these guys have experience with Dignitas
so why not bring in two guys that have
experience even if not in the head coach
role to just kind of help bring extra
experience and you know if you guys are
development oriented or get feels like
finding coaches that have had success in
the past and adding them to the roster
fits that yeah and I'm not ruling that
out what I told st. when he reached out
was like hey it's been an eventful week
and we just want to catch our breath and
that of that I think I told him that
Saturday and he reached out Tuesday and
I was gonna write back on Thursday but
between Tuesday and Thursday you know he
was on a stream and whatever so that you
know we just ended up not connecting I
think as quickly as he wanted you know I
think we want Tyler's gonna help make
this decision you know when he looks at
at the system and his at his sort of
coaching team and what he wants to add
in and what kind of voices we need but
but I also I really do think he should
get a shot at this and we believe in him
I think it's easy to dismiss someone
that you've never seen play before as
sort of inherently bad but I actually
think Tyler's gonna be a really great
coach and not is not a knock against you
know anybody else that's interested in
this you know one way or the other we
really had an intention of giving Tyler
a chance and catching our breath and
seeing what the world looked like on the
other side of an unexpected move before
we kind of rush to to patch up you know
fix something that might not be broken
after all and you know a win the day you
know takes some of the pressure off well
it I guess it is fair to say that it
does feel like you are taking a lot of
risk right so you've got you took a risk
on the roster where you're getting a lot
of these rookies that are long-term
plays you got high who has had a lot of
experience in the past but maybe hasn't
isn't coming off of his best split last
year and now you have a situation where
you have you're taking a risk on another
coach right where you're you're giving
this guy chances you're giving so many
chances to everyone is that is that are
you okay if all this stuff doesn't pan
out and maybe you guys don't even win
another game the rest of the split I
mean am i okay I'm not happy but you
know like I think we're I think we're
okay I mean it's an organization you
know I think one of the options going
into this offseason just generally
speaking right is like you know high
floor high ceiling low floor low ceiling
you're calibrating your experience and
risk tolerance around some of those
factors right like how bad how bad are
you willing to let it to you know to let
it get in exchange for some kind of
upside down the road and we definitely
want to make sure that we're never
sacrificing the future you know to to
kind of salvage the present especially
in a world of you know kind of
overpaying for mediocrity or sort of you
know sacrificing for mediocrity and I
think you know one thing that bugged me
a little about the the fly quest
comparisons when people saw our initial
roster is just how different those
scenarios were you know hi and played
with four of those players in that
spring split he +34 a whole split before
that and that really was in my opinion
like a high floor low ceiling team and
there's nothing wrong with that
especially for an org like getting
straight in in a in Agra Legation system
excuse me um having a high floor low
ceiling team I think it's fine it's
it'll keep you in the league and that
was really important franchisee allows
us to take risks which I think
ultimately is good for the league
it's good for young players to get to
get pulled up maybe and and given
chances it's it's good for orgs to be
able to experiment and hopefully it's
good for fans to see a different
different kinds of story and and invest
in teams in a different way and we
definitely wanted to make sure that we
we sort of had high ceiling as a future
for this team all the way along even if
that came in the short run with sort of
a low floor and hey the floors been
pretty low so far right like it's hard
to get much lower but but we think we're
we're on the upswing due to what the the
potential for all of this can be and and
finally to kind of close out the L'Amour
oh that's after me he's got cookies to
kind of close out the more unfortunate
part of this interview I think that LCS
at the past several years has created
this culture and opinion that if you see
a team struggling dramatically it's a
team that fans should not follow mostly
because frequently that means that
they're out of the league right or that
you'll see them sell for it to another
owner in the future so it's hard for
fans to invest in it I've had people who
have said even on my show like golden
Guardians is a trash org they should
have done this differently they should
in that or this team is useless or
whatever to the people out there who are
sort of making these assessments and
judgments about your organization so far
you know what would you say I don't know
if I want to talk to those people at all
I mean I think I'd rather talk to the
other to the other side maybe people who
haven't made up their mind or or
understand like to the to the hipster
League fans who want to say they were
fans of ours you know before we were
good now it's the time to jump on board
hopefully you don't have much longer to
say that you were here in the beginning
and the other folks I mean I think like
look we're not even halfway in the
season the first split of all of this
like just calm down we're a game behind
optic right like we're two games behind
fly quest and and clutched like there's
a long way to go even in this split let
alone like this this season let alone
like the years that we all expect LCS to
be around it's good I think
in the long run it is good for the
stability of the league to have teams be
able to lose you know and lose and try
and fail and try again and come back and
and surface up I think I think if you if
you want to root for frontrunner there
are there are teams to do that and if
you want to root for underdogs jump on
board for good anything at the end that
you should you would say in any
circumstance to the fans or anything you
know that we can look forward to with a
team yeah yeah so I think you know
shameless plug for our stuff
Rachel our social media person who
you've who you've embarrassed by putting
on camera from time to time she had a
great idea of having the fans here right
Valentine's cards to our players before
before the day started so we're gonna be
reading some of those this week a
special shout out to our Twitter troll
the dude 963 you are may be our biggest
and worst fan and we appreciate all of
the negative yet somehow still accurate
criticism that we receive from you and
and anyone else out there it is you know
like it has been a fun ride there's so
many warriors people watching the games
texting me asking me what's at the end
of every draft I get a text from at
least two people at the Warriors like it
was this good are we happy and I'm
always like yes cuz yes you know like I
think I like our drafts and whatever you
know it has been it is it's still
surreal today's win was awesome it's
it's been it's been a hell of a ride
thank you so much for the interview
hunter I really appreciate it everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I know I know
you wanted the avila outro and instead
you're getting this one but guess what
if you subscribe not only will you get
more LCS interviews brought to you by
Omni slash but you also might have a
chance of getting the avila outro in the
future so you should definitely do that